before we begin let me stop by saying
i'm going to start with the moral of
this story which is
be sure to find your soul mate when
you're young so when you're old and your
ass
cheeks at your ankles you'll still have
somebody to bone the stars of our movie
today
are alan but they cast the wrong guy
because sunshine was the hot one
like looking in the mirror some mean
girl
and their old fart counterparts but
thank god for him because these good old
actors salvage this movie
barely play our story begins with
oh he's paddling to the old folks home
where people go to die because their
families don't want to change their
depends
ain't that sweet so this old man noah
walks in to see his woman like
okay let's talk about our youth because
this old life is depressing
and look noah you don't look at nobody
except ally
it's like the instant he saw her
pituitary gland activated
armpit hair grow in and balls drop it
and he suddenly knew what it was to be a
man
and he tries to date and she be doing
that hard to get
and no just goes watching her like a
[ __ ] creeper take it from jeb
being a creeper it don't work and some
of the ferris wheel seats got balls
some got seat belts and apparently some
don't have anything because they just
didn't care because they wanted these
characters to die because they wanted
this movie over as badly as i do
did he do some dumb [ __ ] to get her to
go out on a date with him
and the next day he sees her out walking
and says every beautiful thing you'd
expect to hear from a perfect
psychopath and she is totally smitten
and plays a little bit more that hard to
get
ladies take it from a man women we don't
really dig this hard to get nonsense
okay
women if men do this it ain't really
that you that great it's more likely
that he's just about to nudge his
fruitcake at christmas dinner
but this is a chick flick written by
some widow who obviously don't get no
loving
they see a movie then he has a lie down
in the middle of the street putting a
life in danger while he tells us she
needs to trust
then the next thing you know you're
watching 50 shades of grey thinking
that's romantic
then he ties you up and says it's
because he loves you and
i lauded this a bad message for young
women
didn't they take a little break and old
alex says they fell in love didn't they
and old noah says yep then they got old
and they about to die and i'm looking at
one of them right now
no he didn't blow his cover that quick
then there wouldn't be a movie god
forbid
then they make out in front of everybody
and then they go for a bike ride then
she meets
noah's daddy and then they go swimming
and then they go swimming again
then they slap the [ __ ] out each other
and i'm gonna take a little break here
from the jokers
because ladies if your relationship
looks like this it ain't good
because it ain't cute when he kisses the
boo-boos that he made
back to the funnest then he goes to meet
her family and the dead air
he talked like this and this ain't
necessary
unless you're a gospel preacher as a
southerner
i'm [ __ ] insulted and they ask him
what do you do noah and he's like oh i
dress in a blatantly different color so
i stand out like a soft [ __ ] thumb
okay paws why does that rich girl get to
date that poor boy
but ally can't date noah i can tell you
why right now
it's because he wore the right colored
shirt and while we're here let me just
say
i know southern people and let me tell
you it may look like the lifestyles of
the rich and snobby
but everybody in this scene done
everyone else in this scene
see how that mama right there that
waiter
then they go swimming again and then he
grabs their boobies
then it makes her promise he's gonna
turn this old piece of [ __ ] into a
pretty white house with blue shutters in
a room where she can paint
then the pants come off big surprise and
then the bra
comes off but no boobies for us because
that would have made this a good movie
god forbid and then their friend let's
call him dingleberry because they act
like one
he busts in like alice's parents this is
the first night they've given up
she's out late and noah is trash trash
trash trashy trashy trash trash
so he decided to take himself out get it
cause he trashed
and look already showing early signs of
dementia getting
out of my face get the [ __ ] out don't
leave i love you
i look come back come back okay [ __ ] you
then
and she still can't remember what to
happen this story is so bad that the
main female character wanted to forget
it
then ella's parents take her away a week
early so noah writes ali a letter every
day for a year
but that mama whoo she a [ __ ]
well can't be a roman story without a
wall oh and then ally becomes a nurse to
help all the men she sees as noah even
though she doesn't know noah's in the
war because of mama intercepted all them
letters because she's a
so ella meets cyclops and gets a raging
case of florence nightingale syndrome
without the body cast i'm still sexy and
noah comes back from the wall and his
dad helps him by the dump and he goes to
charleston where he sees ally with
lawn and see this right here is the part
where he should get some stranger off
the street and pay her like 20
from his army pension to pretend to be
his woman in front of ali see you don't
just sit in the damn window like you
about to cry and wet yourself
you big damn baby if you listen closely
you can hear the sound of his testicles
receding
and then they'll go crazy and then they
finish the house then they want to sell
the [ __ ]
then they don't want to sell the
[ __ ] then if somebody else up in
that [ __ ]
then alice either he fixed that
[ __ ] didn't she feign up in that
[ __ ]
then she salty about that [ __ ]
then she come to visit and they go for a
swan filled paddle boat riding his
dinger outside that [ __ ]
then they [ __ ] on his dinghy up in that
[ __ ]
which i don't really understand because
he gone full cast away up in this
[ __ ]
he probably got a wilson hidden
somewhere up in this [ __ ]
he's that crazy and since he ain't been
manscaping imagine the bush on that
[ __ ]
then the girlfriend comes to visit all
damn day then ali spends the night and
noah guides under the painting room he
built for
and she paints nude and then mama comes
to visit
and she says last night when lon didn't
hear from you he decided to come
[Music]
and then mama takes ali for a little
ride and reveals to her daughter that
she
too once took a ride on the dinghy of a
greasy hobo
so she takes alley back to noah's and
she just so happens to bring ally
all 365 of noah's letters and ali's like
i'm going back to line and noah's like
why
why would you leave this dysfunctional
relationship so alex drives off and he's
just standing there like
and can i just make a little reference
here without trying to stay on key
no no no no no no no hey hey hey goodbye
and she reads some of his sappy damn
letters and cleans us up a little bit
before she goes to see lawn
to tell him she spent the past few days
getting a little dirty
like really dirty like doing the dirty
with the dirty and lana's like i can't
live without you
after she took a ride on that dirty
dingy okay pause
since we're being realistic this is
total bullsh
caps would have gone flying there'd have
been a shootout
that pretty little white house with the
blue shutters would have been full of
holes
paint jaws busted that piano blowed up
the dinghy be sunk
mono amano but then this would have been
a good movie
god forbid and then oh noah back here in
the present playing jokes on the senile
woman
won't tell the end of the damn story and
she's like who
who did congratulations you passed the
senility test
because you remembered the end of the
story written by you
for you to be told to you by your
husband
jebus see if this was me i'd be
whispering to her like
you didn't give him a goodbye [ __ ]
did you break down coming in five
four three two
[ __ ] one and the next morning she see
noah go by but she ain't know him
and she looks around and is like who are
you people and where's my horse
and then he goes to ali's room and they
[ __ ] die
they just [ __ ] die the
end but if this is the book they would
have lived long enough to bump uglies in
the nursing home one last time
i just wanted to leave you with that
disturbing image people can twist that
[ __ ] all they want but she unbuttons his
shirt and slips him some tongue
i swear to god they didn't die because
the writer made a sequel and the old man
is alive and kicking
just don't read it for yourself or don't
be sure to like share and subscribe for
your regular realistic dose of meth
you can expect me to upload more videos
after i forget i watch this movie
four movies explained fall i'm jeb
a die hey hey hey goodbye